DOC-2809-FIxed restore command (#832)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/backup-and-restore/pages/incremental-backup.adoc

incr-daily-jan-03
incr-daily-jan-04
----

> If you want to restore to January 3, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to restore to January 3, then run `gadmin backup restore` followed by the tag for the incremental backup for January 3:
```

[console]
----
gadmin backup restore incr-daily-jan-03
----

> This command automatically restores the full backup first, then applies all dependent incremental backups in the correct order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the system gets the restore request, it checks to see what was the base for the requested restore file.
If the base was another incremental backup file, it checks for _its_ base.
It continues to search out the backup dependency chain until it gets to a full backup or a restore event.
It then performs the sequence of restores, from oldest to newest, e.g.

`full-weekly-jan-01` --> `incr-daily-jan-02` -->  `incr-daily-jan-03`
```
